OSDOCS-8079: Port Architecture book to OSD/ROSA (#70602)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/openshift-architecture-common-terms.adoc

This glossary defines common terms that are used in the architecture content.

access policies::
A set of roles that dictate how users, applications, and entities within a cluster interact with one another. An access policy increases cluster security.

admission plugins::
Admission plugins enforce security policies, resource limitations, or configuration requirements.

authentication::
To control access to an {product-title} cluster,
ifndef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]
a cluster administrator
endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]
an administrator with the `dedicated-admin` role
endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]

> can configure user authentication and ensure only approved users access the cluster. To interact with an {product-title} cluster, you must authenticate to the {product-title} API. You can authenticate by providing an OAuth access token or an X.509 client certificate in your requests to the {product-title} API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can configure user authentication to ensure only approved users access the cluster. To interact with an {product-title} cluster, you must authenticate with the {product-title} API. Authentication can be achieved by providing an OAuth access token or an X.509 client certificate in your requests to the {product-title} API.
```
